index.md, before:

---
---

# jpouget's Website

An engaging 1-3 sentence description of your lab.

{% include section.html %}

## Highlights

{% capture text %}

Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit, sed do eiusmod tempor incididunt ut labore et dolore magna aliqua.

{%
  include button.html
  link="research"
  text="See our publications"
  icon="fa-solid fa-arrow-right"
  flip=true
  style="bare"
%}

{% endcapture %}

{%
  include feature.html
  image="images/photo.jpg"
  link="research"
  title="Our Research"
  text=text
%}

{% capture text %}

Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit, sed do eiusmod tempor incididunt ut labore et dolore magna aliqua.

{%
  include button.html
  link="projects"
  text="Browse our projects"
  icon="fa-solid fa-arrow-right"
  flip=true
  style="bare"
%}

{% endcapture %}

{%
  include feature.html
  image="images/photo.jpg"
  link="projects"
  title="Our Projects"
  flip=true
  style="bare"
  text=text
%}

{% capture text %}

Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit, sed do eiusmod tempor incididunt ut labore et dolore magna aliqua.

{%
  include button.html
  link="team"
  text="Meet our team"
  icon="fa-solid fa-arrow-right"
  flip=true
  style="bare"
%}

{% endcapture %}

{%
  include feature.html
  image="images/photo.jpg"
  link="team"
  title="Our Team"
  text=text
%}

Commit message:

Revise website title and lab description
Updated the website title and lab description for clarity.

index.md, after:

---
---

# Pouget Lab Website

The Pouget Lab uses cutting-edge computational genomics to uncover how genetic variation shapes brain development and vulnerability to psychiatric disorders. By integrating multiomic data from the brain, our team aims to pinpoint the molecular mechanisms underlying psychosis and translate these discoveries into earlier, more personalized interventions for youth mental health.

{% include section.html %}

## Highlights

{% capture text %}

Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit, sed do eiusmod tempor incididunt ut labore et dolore magna aliqua.

{%
  include button.html
  link="research"
  text="See our publications"
  icon="fa-solid fa-arrow-right"
  flip=true
  style="bare"
%}

{% endcapture %}

{%
  include feature.html
  image="images/photo.jpg"
  link="research"
  title="Our Research"
  text=text
%}

{% capture text %}

Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit, sed do eiusmod tempor incididunt ut labore et dolore magna aliqua.

{%
  include button.html
  link="projects"
  text="Browse our projects"
  icon="fa-solid fa-arrow-right"
  flip=true
  style="bare"
%}

{% endcapture %}

{%
  include feature.html
  image="images/photo.jpg"
  link="projects"
  title="Our Projects"
  flip=true
  style="bare"
  text=text
%}

{% capture text %}

Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit, sed do eiusmod tempor incididunt ut labore et dolore magna aliqua.

{%
  include button.html
  link="team"
  text="Meet our team"
  icon="fa-solid fa-arrow-right"
  flip=true
  style="bare"
%}

{% endcapture %}

{%
  include feature.html
  image="images/photo.jpg"
  link="team"
  title="Our Team"
  text=text
%}
