research/index.md, before:

---
title: Research
nav:
  order: 1
  tooltip: Published works
---

# {% include icon.html icon="fa-solid fa-microscope" %}Research

{% include figure.html image="images/pouget-lab.png" %}

The Pouget Lab is a computational (dry) lab that leverages large-scale human genetic studies and multiomic sequencing technologies to understand how the brain works at a molecular level. We use these insights to shed light on the neurobiology of psychosis and related disorders. The ultimate goal of our research is to translate molecular discoveries into earlier, more personalized interventions and prevention strategies for young people experiencing mental illness.

{% include section.html %}

## Highlighted

{% include citation.html lookup="Fine-mapping the CYP2A6 regional association with nicotine metabolism among African American smokers" style="rich" %}

{% include section.html %}

## All

{% include search-box.html %}

{% include search-info.html %}

{% include list.html data="citations" component="citation" style="rich" %}

Commit message:

Enhance lab description with recruitment and values
Added recruitment information and commitment to inclusivity in the Pouget Lab description.

research/index.md, after:

---
title: Research
nav:
  order: 1
  tooltip: Published works
---

# {% include icon.html icon="fa-solid fa-microscope" %}Research

The Pouget Lab is a computational (dry) lab that leverages large-scale human genetic studies and multiomic sequencing technologies to understand how the brain works at a molecular level. We use these insights to shed light on the neurobiology of psychosis and related disorders. The ultimate goal of our research is to translate molecular discoveries into earlier, more personalized interventions and prevention strategies for young people experiencing mental illness.

{% include section.html %}


[![Join us]({{ '/images/join-us.jpg' | relative_url }})](mailto:jennie.pouget@camh.ca?subject=Joining%20the%20Pouget%20Lab)

We are actively recruiting graduate students, postdoctoral research fellows, and research analysts to join our group.

We are deeply committed to building a collaborative, supportive, and inclusive lab environment where every member feels safe, respected, and empowered to thrive. All lab members uphold a shared commitment to maintaining a culture of kindness, accountability, and integrity in how we do science and support one another. 

Our team brings together people who are curious, kind, and highly motivated to advance our understanding of psychiatric disorders using multimodal genomic data. Experience in computational biology and biostatistics research, including analysis of sequencing data, are assets but above all we value creativity, collaboration, and a passion for discovery.

If this sounds like you, reach out to learn more about current opportunities!

{% include section.html %}

## Highlighted

{% include citation.html lookup="Fine-mapping the CYP2A6 regional association with nicotine metabolism among African American smokers" style="rich" %}

{% include section.html %}

## All

{% include search-box.html %}

{% include search-info.html %}

{% include list.html data="citations" component="citation" style="rich" %}
